Well, thank you very much. Please. This afternoon, I'll sign a proclamation declaring the month of May to be Older Americans Month. I don't know if I'm in that category. I have a feeling I am, but I feel good and our country is making a lot of progress, Alex, I will tell you that. Making a lot of progress. As we honor the incredible contributions of our nation's seniors, we're here today to discuss the unprecedented steps that we're taking to protect our seniors from the virus. I'll also announce vital new actions to safeguard our nursing homes and most vulnerable citizens as we gradually and safely reopen our country and it's very exciting to see what's happening. We're joined today by Secretary Alex Azar, thank you. Secretary Robert Wilkie. Robert, thank you very much. Administrator Seema Verma, thank you, great job. FEMA administrator, Pete Gaynor and Chief of national guard, bureau general Joseph Lengyel.
Donald Trump:  Thanks also to Tennessee Governor Bill Lee, my friend. Thank you very much, Bill. Great job you're doing. It's great being with you too. And many outstanding advocates for America seniors who are here with us today, thank you all very much. As we tragically have seen, the virus poses the greatest risk to older Americans. Together as one nation, we mourn for every precious life that has been lost and there have been many. We're so saddened by it. Through our aggressive actions and the devotion of our doctors and nurses, however, we have held our fatality rate far below hard hit other countries such as Spain and Italy and United Kingdom and Sweden. We're way below other countries. We're deploying every tool, resource and power at our disposal to protect our seniors and Americans of every age and background. Early on, we implemented life saving travel restrictions and directed billions of dollars toward the development of therapies and vaccines and that's moving along rapidly.
Donald Trump:  We've moved at a speed that people are absolutely stunned to see. We accelerated treatments including remdesivir, which is reportedly showing encouraging preliminary results. That was the very big story yesterday, it was announced by Gilead. In early March, my administration advised all nursing homes to suspend all medically unnecessary visits to help slow the spread and to protect our seniors, and especially in our nursing homes they are having a hard time in those nursing homes. We took action to step up enforcement of infectious disease standards at nursing homes all across America. We also acted swiftly to secure our veterans' healthcare facilities and deployed hundreds of VA staff to help out in nursing homes nationwide, and we're being helped very greatly by the passage of all of the things that we got passed, Robert. Especially choice, so that people can go and see their doctor when they have to, and especially our seniors.\
Donald Trump: We provided nearly $1 billion in grants to support home delivered meals, in home care and other services that make it impossible for older people to just do what they want to do. We're helping older people with disabilities and we're helping them to live independently. We dramatically expanded access to tele health, a very big deal for Medicare beneficiaries. The number of Medicare patients using tele health has increased from roughly 11,000 a week to more than 650,000 people a week. So, that's from 11,000 a week to 650,000, that's almost an impossible number to believe, right? But it's really something. They get used to it and a lot of that's going to be staying with us long after this horrible scourge is gone. Medicare is also paying for labs to seniors with at home testing when appropriate at zero cost to patients. We've ensured a ventilator for every patient who needs one.
Donald Trump: Nobody who's needed a ventilator has been without a ventilator. It's an incredible achievement and we now have thousands and thousands of ventilators and other countries are asking us to help and we're helping other countries. Allies and some that aren't necessarily allies, but they're in big trouble and we're helping other countries now with ventilators. Same thing with masks, we have millions and millions of masks. That was something four weeks ago was difficult and now we have millions of masks coming in and already here. The federal government is also funding over 35,000 members of the national guard to help states deliver critical supplies to nursing homes and to assist with disinfecting and testing. I\'92d like to ask general Lengyel to please come up and say a few words about the work of the national guard. It's been really fantastic. Thank you. General, please.
